---
title: October 2025
date: 2025-10-01 00:00:00 +0530
categories: [Blogs]
tags: [Blog, Plan, Recap]
---
## September 2025 Learnings + Recap
I had a habit of overcomplicating and overplanning things. Last 10 days I have tried to simplify goals and doing one thing at a time. And to be honest I have seen great results. So in October, I am going to repeat this same pattern. I will plan first 10 days. 

I went to Microsoft office in Gurugram on 20 September 2025 at event called Git Together. It was awesome. I really liked all the buildings and the environment of Gurugram. It had FRESH air. People at event were students (likely in their last year) and working professionals in DevOps, AI/ML, Data Science, and WebDevs. They were open to conversation and I probably was the youngest there. Even they were shocked to see me over there. But I should remember I haven't achieved anything right now, they appriciated me because I am willing to put in efforts not because I am ready with the result.

I had planned so many things to do in September that I coudn't finish one single thing completly, so october will be spent in learning few things but deeply.

We have 24 Hours in a Day, Take 8 Hours away for sleep. 16 is left, Take 4 hours away for daily chores plus exercise. We have 12 hours left them. We have to utilize these 12 hours to the fullest extent. 

My best learning this month from biographies:

1. Great people have one thing in common, they work every single waking hours of their life, they work with a special purpose in mind and they don't do that for money initially, they do it to achieve something else, for some it is satisfaction, for some it is power to be at number one in their domain. 

2. They focus on one thing at a single time, simplification and deleting unnecessary things is the key.

3. Get all the knowledge about the subject you are working with.
---
## To Achieve by October 1-10
- **Complete All Semester 1 BCA IGNOU Assignments**
- **Complete Till Part 3 - Linux Revision From San Vander Book**
- **Complete Determinants and Matrices-II Mathematics**
- **Do 50 Each DAY (pushup, squats, neckraise, hipraise), 200 JJ**  

But do everything one by one, priority should be --- Assignment > Linux > Maths

### Was I able to do what I said ? YES or NO ? - NO

I was only able to complete Assignment. I was not able to complete my Maths and Linux. Instead I completed Maven and part of AWS videos.
I have only three things to do, rest are time wasters for me. I don't want to use social media, it adds close to zero value. LinkedIn is not necessary, I am not applying for jobs if I don't have the appropriate skills. I am not using X, that's going to make me dumb. I am not going to use YouTube Shorts, I can see father getting addicted to short videos on Facebook, I don't want to be like him and waste my time. So I won't use social media. 

My top priority is to learn AWS and Open Source DevOps tools by the end of this year. And when I say I will learn it, It means I will learn it by heart. All the commands, all the backend behind it, troubleshoot problems and understand the purpose behind using that tool.

I was lazy not to follow the 50 protocol. But if I continue to be lazy I will become weak and I wouldn't be able to compete.
---
#### 3 October 2025
I had bike driving license test, I failed, it was my mistake no one elses. I went to IGNOU study center at Tecnia Institute for **Induction Session**. While coming back I walked between Rohini East and Rithala Metro Station for approximately 3 Kilometers and saved money, every rupee saved is every rupee earned. And while walking I saw how money flows from rich people to businesses that serve rich people. Beautiful restaurants with fat overeaten girls.

Most thought provoking thing I noticed that there are more e-rickshaws and transport vehicles are there in Delhi than it is required. That's good for people, keeps prices low, although not good for environment and drivers of these vehicles. When I was going to Rithala, the driver of erickshaw said "Fare is 30 but these younger drivers charge 10-10 rupees and destroy our margins".

---
## To Achieve by October 11-20
- **Complete all Reyaz AWS Videos- 3Videos a DAY**
- **Complete Matrices-II and Mathematical Induction**
- **Read and Learn First Two Chapters of EACH BCA SEM-1 book**
- **Follow 50 Protocol Each Day**
