---
title: Alma Linux and VMware Workstation Pro
date: 2025-05-04 00:00:00 +0530
categories: [Blogs]
tags: [goals, cyber, system administrator, vmware, virtual machine, linux, almalinux]
---
Summary:
So today I have installed Alma Linux 9 on my VMWare workstation pro. I used Linux Wale Guruji's free tutorial where he is installing Red Hat Enterprise Linux 9. If I had enough money I would have definetly taken his course for RHCSA at KR Cloud. I today read very little about NETWORKING. Also I have to start networking with humans. Honestly I think both computer and human networking is essential to have a career in IT. I don't have a maths background so I am having a problem in understanding formulas/binary/algo whatever you can call it, although I am THE AASHISH. I am going to understand it somehow.

I know from a fact that in IT there is more practical stuff we have to do than cramming theory stuff. So since I have decided to learn linux system administration, I cannot move further without performing practicals. I have not purchased RHCSA EX200 yet so I cannot run RHEL which is Red Hat Enterprise Linux as of now. I searched chatgpt about free alternative, and thanks to linux communities across the globes that have made it possible for me to use ' RHEL ' with a different name like Alma Linux or Rocky Linux. Chatgpt recommended me Alma Linux. And since there is no use of GUI, I totally haven't installed any desktop environment in my virtual machine loaded with Alma. Everything in the installer was similar to what Linux Wale Guruji was showing on his RHEL 9 Machine, except I don't have access to RHEL 9's repository. I don't know will I missout something or not. But I don't care about what is out of my control (Hecker's Mindset).

Reason why I ditched VirtualBox and shifted to VMwareWorkstation is only because I saw on Linux Wale Guruji's channel that in corpporate environment, mostly VMware is used and they also provide a certification for same. VMware looks better than VitualBox but is slightly heavier on the machine. Installing VMware was again a hassle as I had to go through their login process then install a file with file extension '.bundle'. Linux mein extension nhi hote. Mai pta nhi ese kyu mention kr ra. Anyways hope you get the point. AFter giving it necessary permissions and making it executable using chmod command. It finally ran. But it couldn't load up because some dependencies were missing. Then 5 minutes I had to invest into fixing missing dependencies. I will thank Sam Altman for making chatgpt, without his help I couldn't fix it that fast. ChatGPT actually has saved my time at multiple instances. 

That was it. Thanking everyone and signing off ~ Aashish