---
title: New Way To Learn + Updates
date: 2025-05-03 00:00:00 +0530
categories: [Personal Growth]
tags: [goals, cyber, mother]
---

My mother has said she'll convince my father to invest into certifications which are necessary for my career.

Anyways, I self learned about myself that I was ADDICTED to YouTube and always ended up dead scrolling. YouTube shorts is same evil as Instagram reels. Although you can sometimes find good content on YouTube Shorts but Instagram it's all filled up with soft porn. I cannot get distracted in my journey so as soon as my school ended I terminated my instagram account. I had also planned to remove youtube from my life but could not because Android is developed by Google which owns youtube and tries to control you by making you addicted to their technology. Finally I was today able to remove Youtube and other google pre-installed-uninstallable apps using ADB tools. I also removed google playstore which is crucial for chatgpt to work. So my chatgpt also does not work now. I am using firefox browser to navigate web both on my android and linux.

Also I was able to block youtube on my debian machine by configuring some file (do not remember the name) sitting inside a directory /etc.

Today I actually read about Data Link layer from the book by Mr. Behrouz whom I believe is an excellent author. I read about DLC inside of which I read about Framing (how data is sent in fragments which includes header + actual part of data + tailer). I also learnt about Error Detection and Error Control. Error control - I haven't read it as deeply as I should because I can spot some maths being involved in the book. I was not a maths student in High School.But I will definetly read and learn about it more and more.

Signing off - Aashish