---
title: "Planning Next Four Months of 2025"
date: 2025-08-31 00:00:00 +0530
tags: [life, blog, planning, goals]
categories: [Blogs]
comments: true
---
## **What have I done in 2025 until now?**
So my 12th ended this year offcially when I passed my exams with good 'enough' marks. I scored 78% overall. These marks were because of Commercial Arts in which I scored 97 idk how. I was forced to take Biology after 10th. 2 years were horror for me. In school teachers fucked me mentally and at home parents. I had compartment in 11th which I passed eventually. Only then my parents told me to do whatever I want after 12th. By 'whatever I want' they meant that in career. They have given me roughly 1.5 years to get started. While I was in 12th, I planned to get started with web development. But it is not AI proof, still I watched leaked course of Sheriyans Coding School which my friend Devanshu arranged for me. I didn't like it much though. My friend Devanshu is a cybersecurity guy. He said me that cybersecurity can't be replaced by ai. As it requires deep logical thinking. It requires deep knowledge of tech and humans. Most attacks are done only when humans are vulnerable not when tech is. I decided to begin with cybersecurity after 12th. On 25 March 2025 my exams officially ended, last was Biology exam. On 29 March, my home got a wifi connection. On 31st March, My mini PC arrived (Other peripherals arrived before my Biology exam was done). Mini PC didn't have pre-installed OS, as I didn't asked them to put it for me. Windows is pretty common but to be honest I haven't used it for 4-5 years now. I do get option to touch it on someone else's PC but I am talking about MYSELF. I had wifi and PC on 31st but I didn't have another PC to make bootable pendrive for Kali Linux. So I waited for my Uncle's PC at his flat somewhere near to my house get free. I then went there and made a bootable pendrive for Kali Net Installer. And it took 2 hours for me to install Kali all because I choosed net installer. In-built wifi antenna of mini pc was not good enough, that's why. So kali was installed and for whole April I tossed around NETWORKING CONCEPTS, Hack The Box and Try Hack Me labs didn't understood. So watched some video and talked to people a lot. They told me a big pre requiste is LINUX. I thought I already know Linux enough, I have been using it since my 8th standard beginning. Then people said LINUX SYSTEM ADMINISTRATION, some suggested to do RHCSA certification. Now this whole part of getting certified seemed interesting to me. So I digged YouTube and found out a channel named ***KR Network Cloud***, they also had another channel named ***Linux Wale Guruji***. While walking in evening in my home's terrace I would listen to his videos. He inspired me to become RHCA Red Hat Certified Architect. I didn't even know what it does but I was inspired and from his channel only I heard about this term DevOps. Somehow I searched for free Linux training on youtube. I found out Nehra Classes. From there I learnt Linux. 80% I have learnt, 20% is left, and 100% practice is still left. On and Off I have been reading Networking book. I have been interacting with people of LinkedIn and I have also made a friend whos name is Shaik Ashish. He guides me, he is RHCA. I love the way he troubleshoot problems. I can watch him for hours troubleshooting problems while practice. Anyways, I have understood, not mastered, Linux, Shell Scripting, C language, Operating Systems, Networking basics and AWS Cloud. 

August is over, September will start tomorrow. Just 4 months are left. September, October, November and December finally. 

## **What do I have to do in these 4 months?**
